So what you can do if you're given an impossible situation and you're
dealing with failures that you didn't cause is you still need to figure
out Are you ultimately the one that's responsible? If you are the
one that's responsible, then you still got to take ownership in that
As hard as that pill is to swallow, you're responsible for the outcome
of that situation in that mission. And so you need to take ownership
of it, even if the failures necessarily weren't yours. Um, if
it's something that was completely out of your control and you obviously
need to bring that up to your chain of command and show the steps
that you took to try and achieve this impossible mission and make
it a reality and those factors that you we're out of your control,
that caused you to fail but also to you wanna limit the amount of blame
that you're putting on outside organizations or outside factors
because at the end, you're still probably the one that's ultimate responsibly
need to own that. So you're gonna have to walk around that
very delicately, and ah, and figure out you know how you convey that
measures to your superiors without placing blame on somebody else.